yes ought to come back to a point that
you made when you talk about this idea
of what constitutes giving people and
how you can give to people again just to
stress some of these things to make sure
that people are picking up on their key
thing here is this idea of multi-purpose
seeing the things that you're creating
so when you've created your YouTube
video you can turn that into a blog post
you can also turn it into a podcast in
send that out so that people can access
those things and along the same lines as
strategies you taken recently was it a
student asked questions in your class in
you decided that we can answer that
student was by creating a video so you
actually answer that student with a
YouTube video that's something that then
you got to use to answer your student in
the class but then there's another
YouTube video that you have out there
that could be providing an answer to
somebody else that might have this
question were you able to actually be
giving them something as well for free
and by the way now that you have this
new YouTube video there this is you
something that you can put into your
newsletter to tell people like here's a
little tip that was derived from a
question that a student asked you do you
know that other people are going to have
that question as well so this importance
of being able to multi purpose things to
be able to use your time most
efficiently you can have this good
balance how much you're giving versus
how much you're asking from people I see
we've got seven new messages that I
haven't scroll down because I'm sitting
on this one question that I want to come
back to this concept of giving and
creating and marketing and all that
stuff
one of the questions that I asked you
here though is when we met earlier
there's something I think it's important
for people to understand with your
courses because it may have some of the
people here is well we're thinking about
doing courses or any type of digital
products
so your type of class teacher teaching
right now is this hands class people how
to make jewelry can you talk about what
some of the ramifications are the fact
that you're doing this type of hands-on
type of teaching you mean you know I
think we do have a lot of other you
means workers are here so you not me
it's like this huge online learning
market to meed.com and pretty much find
a course on anything you want to learn
so some categories are definitely you
know better than others including mine
but this just like this
anything you can imagine indeed happy
it's going to be a majority versus I
think today are still I know jack base
you you do me a hero in the youth
academy or so the majority thank you
versus so they have like this great
support group for instructors and I
realized like everybody talking about
doing you know I like two days later and
then they're just like how many do not
realize they're they're filming you know
screenshot greenhouse viewing software
easy but I do because I'm making an
actual thing with my hands so I have to
set up the camera usually I have to make
the same item you know you were three
times and make sure they get all the
angles
gonna be in the way I know hard to make
a hard time trying to watch the video
and then making the camera I line making
just make sure I'm in pain because it
has to be really close up so it's really
it's really hard to stand frame while
you're like my set of challenges that
actually building is completely
different than everybody else but it
really really love making videos
editing videos I really enjoy that a lot
of people are saying I would be so
that's what I wanted to hear when you
look at it doesn't matter to me it
doesn't matter with us online courses or
any other digital product and other type
of passive income that you're dead
you're considering producing to earn
some money you have to recognize that we
each have our own topic that we're
covering in our
in that topic is going to carry some
things that determine like how you're
going to be able to produce that product
and it may not be the same as how other
people are producing the products and so
you have to be careful about not getting
too hung up like how justice that she's
putting up and then they're back in a
week later like yourself
freaked out about you have to be able to
run your own raising recognize that is
unique to yourself in you can't compete
against other people in so we just had
to deal with that same thing herself
she's not creating these types of
courses that she can crank out because
of the fact that she may have to do she
said the same peace three times as you
can get all three chemicals but this is
what she wants to teach this is what she
loves to teach and she she just enjoys
the process
the issue puts her heart and soul into
it and she just does what she needs to
do to get the course so speaking about
ok so let's come back to the question
that I was holding here so we have a
question about considering what
percentage of the time you're creating
stuff creative you know creating
products doing the marketing doin some
of the technical work how are you doing
in terms of how many pieces of jewellery
your own enjoyment
forces have a marketing how does that
split look like right now and how do you
feel about actually are you asking about
how much time I spend reading reading
The course rating like I was about
opening up the senior soon the latter so
she said
time right now
case I'm basically transitioning into I
guess the last couple of months I've
spent most of my time marketing I
haven't done any worse creation and you
and your idea down like a couple of
simple projects to see if I can give you
ideas maybe like a day but it's been
working on my email which i've been
tweaking watching right analytics you
checking great see you know it does
matter because well I'm about to buckle
down over the next three weeks and make
my second because I'm ready it's time
asking for it there
and they're all they went you know
that's so exciting to me because it's
like I definitely did my job in creating
a good quality but cited about the next
step so now that I have my system in
place are we turning out that next three
weeks so I would say that in general and
this is actually true in general the
time spent reading the actual is so even
make in shock they say one hour goes
into creating that he and then maybe
like 10 hours goes into you laughing in
any new photos ready to copy actually
doing everything and they market it so
then you're you're crafting your
basement Coast that's actually very
small amount of time that I spent on the
actual product creation heard this
before selling digital products are
selling products I'm ok with that
because once the product is made in
actually there are aware is so much
better than me like an actual number of
almost seven times more I want you to be
clarence from my txt shop and that's
just the actual income that's not
factoring in the National profit margin
which is also later when you're selling
this home so I would say it like
thinking about doing something
digital products definitely definitely
know that it will meet black button to
creating I'm sorry you know it'll be
allowed time creating and marketing it
but the potential for having it pay you
back like you're not gonna get paid for
you were the last three months on this
course you're not going to get paid
you know every two weeks like the page
act like you will if you find a clean it
out in the way that I'm talking about
where you are very conscious enough you
are reminding that now you people first
it's it's it's comfortable in them